
Keep pressing button 'Letters' when you want to read to input letters.

Before using voice input, please download 'vosk-model-en-us-0.22-lgraph' from 'https://alphacephei.com/vosk/models', 
Menu bar - file - open_source_folder, and put the decompressed 'vosk-model-en-us-0.22-lgraph' folder into 'python3.12/site-packages/voice_code_resource/Easy_Code_res/'.
Building Vocabulary are necessary for intelligent matching. Non-standard words also can be added to similar words.
Build Vocabulary(button on the top):
    Collect recognition words to (common)short_words.txt and (rare)check_words.txt (Otherwise a default list of common words will be used.)
    Generate approximate vocabulary by reading.(Then you can replace word by clicking during the voice input process.)
    Done.

For real-time printing of variable values, global variables in the startup file, currently cannot be printed , while other files are fine.

Make sure your Ruff version is 0.1.6 for real-time error checking.(voice_code will automatically download this version,Please do not download new version coverage.)

For operations such as inputting and pasting, you need to first use the mouse to click to switch between the canvas and text box. 
Click keyboard key 'control' to paste at the cursor. ctrl+v is to insert content in line form, or to generate new function if clicked outside function.

Hold shift to select across function ranges.

To use the Supermaven AI Suggestions,please install Neovim(brew install neovim) and the Supermaven plugin inside Neovim.
It's recommended to use LazyVim as the plugin manager for an easy setup. 
Try to start it use command: ":lua require('supermaven-nvim.api').start()" , if successful，you can exit Neovim.
Start voice_code and press button 'AI suggestions' at the bottom of the small soft keyboard，then when editing code, there will be AI suggestions.
To ensure your code is not automatically uploaded to the internet, the AI suggestions are not automatically displayed by default. You must trigger the button 'AI suggestions' manually. 
If you use this function，please understand Supermaven’s confidentiality commitment.
You can accept suggestions by pressing the Tab key or clicking the soft keyboard, pressing the Tab key will accept the first line of suggestion content.
When you move the mouse, the suggestions will hide. New suggestions will automatically appear when available.You can also click the soft keyboard to make the suggestions visible again.

Voice Code itself does not attempt to collect any customer information, and it does not attempt to connect to the internet, if there are any changes in the future, they will be clearly stated in this document..


Videos for usage: 
https://youtu.be/LpExCHz5R8Q
https://b23.tv/AY4DLQ0


Discord: https://discord.gg/ztCNYhJXK7
Ask questions via QQ group: 876329974
Follow me on x : @Leo1610316

